You hit me like this, Wu Shuang dares to hit the eldest prince
You are dying, what are you afraid of?
I, the Peerless Supreme, am fighting outside the imperial court
Come out, do you think it's the same as your parallel import?
You're done beating the prince is equivalent to a traitor
Destroy the Nine Clans
Don't say he's a prince
Even if the Lord of Kyushu stands here today
I can't get it wrong
Beaten for the first time since childhood
I want you to live and die
Uh-huh.
This is the second time I've been beaten here.
If you die, I want your whole family to die for me!
Who dares to do it?
Anyone who dares to act is equivalent to rebellion
Treason has a Zhu race